Add missing links now that the SRIOV VA has merged (#68)
openstack-k8s-operators/architecture: examples/va/hci/control-plane.md

```
oc apply -f control-plane.yaml
```

> If the above produces a `no matches for kind
> NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` error, then see the
> [Missing NNCPs Workaround](../../docs/wa/missing_nncp.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `oc apply` command produces a `no matches for kind
NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` error, then see,
[Missing NNCPs Workaround](../../docs/wa/missing_nncp.md).
```
